About - Planet Fitness Find a Club About Planet Fitness My Account Canada Search Join Us ABOUT PLANET FITNESS Whether you’re a first-time gym user or a veteran member, we’re here to provide a workout environment in which anyone - and everyone - can be comfortable. No matter what you’re looking for in a gym, we’ve got a membership option made for you. All Planet Fitness members enjoy unlimited access to their home club and the support of our friendly, knowledgeable staff anytime you need it. PF Black Card® members receive additional benefits, including the ability to bring a guest for free and access to any of our 2,400+ PF locations. Looking for a little extra guidance or inspiration to help you meet your fitness goals? As a PF member, you can take advantage of our free fitness training or find your motivation by reading real member experiences on Planet of Triumphs. It’s our goal to provide a clean, safe, welcoming environment for anyone who walks through our door, and all the equipment, amenities and support you need once you’re here. Welcome to Planet Fitness. The world judges. We don’t. LEARN MORE ABOUT US WHY PF? We create an environment where you can relax, go at your own pace, and do your own thing without ever having to worry about being judged. THE BEST VALUE ON THE PLANET We provide a high-quality fitness experience at an affordable cost. Read more about our membership options to decide which is best for you. PE@PF - FITNESS TRAINING Make the most out of your fitness experience with our small group training sessions, personalized exercise programs and certified trainers. PF WELCOME BOOKLET No need to be gymtimidated. We have a guide to help you get started, keep going and celebrate every step. GIVING BACK The Judgement Free Generation® is Planet Fitness’ philanthropic initiative designed to combat the judgement and bullying faced by today’s youth by creating a culture of kindness and encouragement. CUSTOMER SERVICE / FAQS Our goal is to deliver legendary customer service to our members at all times. Learn how to transfer, upgrade or cancel your membership, and much more. Back to top Find a ClubCommunity@PFAbout Planet FitnessCareersMemberships NewsroomPF StoreFranchisingCustomer Service Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseInvestor RelationsSite Map Copyright © 1997 - 2023 Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC.