Back to Base This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Back To Base PausePlay Who's Ready? Watch This na Cliquez ici pour la version française We’re excited to announce that we’re finally starting to reopen. While you’ve been safe at home these last few weeks, we’ve been busy working on a plan to keep you safe upon your return. We’ve had to make some changes to the in-studio experience to protect you, your fellow members and the staff. Class sizes might be smaller, waitlists may be full, and rowers as well as treadmills will be compliant with social distancing guidelines. We are implementing stringent policies on cleaning and disinfecting that would make the Health Agency of Canada proud. Please read this comprehensive list of the new health and safety guidelines below so that you know what to expect before your first class back. You’ll notice our coaches and staff wearing PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) at all times, and they will complete a verbal symptom checklist and temporal temperature check before entering the studio. Classes will be held at limited capacity to allow for social distancing, and may be 45 minutes long to allow extra time for cleaning and disinfecting in between classes. We’ll ask that you arrive no more than 5 minutes before class and avoid congregating in the lobby. We’ll ask you to complete a verbal symptom checklist to identify symptoms outlined by the Health Agency of Canada before you walk into the lobby. You are required to follow all local mandates regarding the use of face masks. We’ll have more wipes available and ask that you help wipe down all equipment before and after use, and before rotating to the next block. We’ll ask that you only bring the bare essentials into the studio (i.e., your phone, keys, water bottle and towel) and leave anything else at home. We’ll discontinue the use of equipment reservation cards. Instead, our staff will provide you with your station number. We’ll ask that you use one of our touchless hand sanitizer dispensers before you walk into the lobby. You’ll notice floor stickers throughout the lobby to enforce safe social distancing. We’ve eliminated the use of showers, towel service and other amenities where applicable. Back to Base FAQ Where do I find information about whether my studio is open or closed? Up-to-date information regarding studio closures and reopening will be posted on each studio’s page. A full directory of our studios can be found here. We appreciate your patience during this time and recommend watching your studio’s social media pages for updates. My studio is closed. Do I need to do anything? If you are a member of a studio that is closed, your membership dues were immediately and automatically suspended, thus you do not need to contact or visit the studio. As a result of the suspension, you won’t lose any sessions, you won’t lose any remaining days in your membership cycle and you won’t be billed. Any pre-booked classes were canceled and credited back to your account. When will my membership be reactivated? Studios will be notifying members about their reopen date and ancillary dates concerning membership unfreeze dates in order to ensure that all members have the correct information concerning their membership reactivation status/date, and that such information aligns with each member’s intention to return to the studio. Will my membership bill date change upon studio reopening? Yes. Your recurring billing date will change based on how long your account was suspended. This modification ensures that you don’t lose any sessions or days from your most recent membership billing cycle. Please contact your local studio if you have questions regarding your new recurring billing date. I do not feel comfortable coming back yet; can I extend my freeze? Update 6/24/2020. Members who are not ready to immediately return to the studio will have an option to re-freeze their membership. Once your studio is projected to reopen, email communications will be sent to the email associated with your account with instructions on how to do so. Contact your local studio in the event you need to extend your freeze. How do I cancel my membership? We understand that some of our members may need to cancel their membership. Please contact your home studio for more information. If I don’t feel well or comfortable enough to come to class, will I be billed a late cancel fee? No. Members who call the studio within 8 hours of the class start time to cancel due to illness or possible exposure to COVID-19 can do so without penalty. Standard late cancel policies, including a late cancel fee or the forfeiture of a class, will apply to any members who do not call the studio and either speak to a staff member or leave a message in advance, or who do not show for class. Please also contact your local healthcare provider if you are experiencing any symptoms of COVID-19. How early should I arrive to class in light of ongoing social distancing mandates? Members should arrive no more than 5 minutes prior to class start in order to limit the number of people in the studio at any given time. If arriving earlier, you may be asked to wait outside or in your vehicle until entrance into the studio is permitted. Is there anything I need to know before going to my first class back in the studio? We’ll ask that you arrive no more than 5 minutes before class and avoid congregating in the lobby. Before you walk into the lobby, we’ll ask that you use one of our hand sanitizer dispensers and complete a verbal symptom checklist to identify symptoms outlined by the Health Agency of Canada. You may be required to wear a mask if local law mandates it. Please see below for additional information on that topic. We’ll ask that you only bring the bare essentials into the studio (i.e., your phone, keys, water bottle and towel) and leave anything else at home. We’ll discontinue the use of equipment reservation cards. Instead, our staff will provide you with your station number. Will I still be able to use the lockers at my studio? Lockers must be reserved at check-in with a Sales Associate at time of entry. Members will be advised to thoroughly wipe down the full locker/cubby before use, and again after use. Members may take their phone and keys into the studio with them. Cell phone usage is never permitted in the studio. Can I still shower and use amenities within the studio? Studios will be temporarily eliminating the use of showers, towel service and other amenities where applicable. Will the classes be different than what I am used to? Classes will be held at limited capacity to allow for social distancing, and may be 45 minutes long to allow extra time for cleaning and disinfecting in between classes. The following template design changes have been made to prioritize members' safety: Tornados are temporarily discontinued. Partner exercises, partner blocks and partner workouts have been temporarily discontinued. The frequency of switches has been reduced to minimize cross-contamination of equipment. Flexibility exercises that require members to sit or lie on the floor have been temporarily removed from templates. As always, members should navigate classes at their own pace, backing off or pushing a little harder whenever they deem it necessary to do so. Are the class times going to be the same as before? Class schedules will be gradually released to help manage demand with limited capacity upon reopening. Class schedules may differ slightly based on the changes implemented at the studio. Please make sure to continuously check your class schedule for the most up-to-date information. What are Orangetheory Fitness’s cleaning standards? Clean studios have always been a priority at Orangetheory. Due to the current situation, studios are redoubling their daily cleaning efforts. Additionally, members are provided wipes after every block and are reminded to wipe down all equipment used. What extra precautions are you taking to keep members and staff safe? The health and safety of our members, staff and community is our top priority. In accordance with guidelines and recommendations from the Health Agency of Canada and local/provincial government mandates, we have implemented new policies and procedures for our in-studio experience. In addition to our cleaning protocols (e.g., our staff will be wearing PPE and disinfecting the studio with EPA-approved agents between classes), Orangetheory strongly recommends that members in Canada wear masks while in studio. If your province or local government/public health agency requires use of facial masks, you are legally obligated to wear one. Will I have to wear a mask while working out? All Orangetheory studios will be operating in compliance with applicable federal, provincial and local mandates, including, but not limited, to, those regarding the use of facial masks. In accordance with the Health Agency of Canada's current recommendations, Orangetheory strongly recommends that members in Canada wear masks while in studio. If your province or local government/public health agency requires use of facial masks, you are legally obligated to wear one. Studios may be selling masks to members (contact your studio for more information). Our coaches will provide options for “All Outs” as you adjust to wearing a mask during class. For more information regarding Face Coverings, please click here (https://www.canada.ca/en/public-health/services/video/covid-19-wear-non-medical-mask-face-covering-properly.html) If a member in my class is sick, will you ask them to leave? Studio staff should be politely asking those who appear to be sick to leave the studio. We recommend that members do not work out if they are feeling ill, coughing, sneezing, running a fever or have shortness of breath. I have a lingering cough, but I feel fine. Can I still work out? Please consult your healthcare provider and consider skipping class if feeling ill, coughing, sneezing, running a fever or experiencing shortness of breath, both for your safety and the safety of those around you. Please contact your studio to be removed from upcoming booked classes. You will not be charged any cancellation fees. Who should I contact if I am not feeling well? Please contact your local healthcare provider if not feeling well including if you are experiencing symptoms of Coronavirus (COVID-19). Where else can I find information? Additional information can be found through the Health Agency of Canada and the World Health Organization. www.canada.ca www.who.int Please visit (hub website – https://bit.ly/2xIzGVL , studio website, social media, etc.) for continual updates. What if I can't get into classes due to class capacity? Just because we can't meet in the studio, doesn't mean we aren't committed to helping you achieve More Life. We have developed at-home workouts for members to stay engaged! Every day we'll share a 30-minute workout showcasing some of your favorite coaches from around the world. These videos can be found in the Orangetheory Mobile App, Orangetheory.com, our YouTube Channel, Facebook, and Instagram. #OrangetheoryAtHome. How do I use my OTbeat heart rate monitor outside the studio? The OTbeat Burn can be used for out-of-studio workouts to track your heart rate and Splat Points using the Orangetheory App. Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.