Canada | Planet Fitness Find a Club About Planet Fitness My Account Canada Search Join Us Find out more about our 2,400+ clubs worldwide. Join Us Planet Fitness THE BEST VALUE ON THE PLANET We know that finding a gym can be stressful. That's why we want to make it as easy and affordable as possible to come in and give our Judgement Free Zone® a try. View Our Memberships Earn Free Months By Referring Your Friends Want a workout buddy and a sweet deal at the same time? Every friend you refer that joins earns you a free month, up to 3 months/year! (annual membership fee extra) Plus, your friends get a great deal of $1 down and no commitment. Now that’s a win-win!* Head to the PF App to start referring today. Refer a Friend FREE ON THE PF APP: JUMP BACK IN – INTERMEDIATE PROGRAM Are you ready to jump back into a fitness routine? We’re here to help! Reignite your fitness journey with a five-part progressive program focused on balance and stability, functional strength, endurance, and HIIT. We’ll even help you kick it up a notch by introducing fitness accessories to increase your knowledge. Ready to move? We know you are. GET STARTED See what Planet Fitness is all about! TAKE A VIRTUAL CLUB TOUR! Join us on a virtual club tour around a Planet Fitness. You’ll learn all about the different areas of the club and Teddy will show you how to get the most out of a membership and where you can start your fitness journey. Watch the Club Tour! Proud to be the first fitness brand with the WELL Health-Safety Rating Gym confidently in our Well Health Safety Rated clubs You’ll soon find a Well Health Safety Seal on the front door of every Planet Fitness club. Backed by science and evaluated by third-party experts, this seal means you can run, curl, lift, squat, press, walk and gym confidently in the Clean Thumb Club™ Learn More About Our Cleaning Procedures FREE FOR EVERYONE! Download the PF App The PF app has it all – pick the best time to visit your club with the Crowd Meter, track your activities, access hundreds of digital on-demand workouts, and more! Ready to get movin’? We know you are! Learn More & Download the App INTRODUCING THE PF CROWD METER Just open the PF App or visit your local club’s page to access our Crowd Meter to pick the best time to visit. It's just one of the many ways we’re doing our part to ensure you can Gym Confidently™. Download The App WE'RE THE CLEAN THUMB CLUB™ Planet Fitness team members work hard to keep our spacious clubs squeaky clean from the front door to the locker rooms. That's why you'll see them wiping down machines throughout the day. Also, we encourage members to wipe down equipment before and after use with disinfectant spray found at easy-to-find cleaning stations, and we have hand sanitizing stations throughout the club. You can Gym Confidently™ at Planet Fitne Learn More About Our Cleaning Procedures Back to top Find a ClubCommunity@PFAbout Planet FitnessCareersMemberships NewsroomPF StoreFranchisingCustomer Service Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseInvestor RelationsSite Map Copyright © 1997 - 2023 Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC.