Cheap Gym Memberships | Fit4Less
 Memberships Starting at $7.99 Every 2 weeks*!JOIN NOW Skip to content Search for: Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Member Login Join Now Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubORView All Locations Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Skip to content Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) Member Login Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Search for: We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubView All Locations Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Join Now Home Gym Memberships Black Card Workout Area Black Card Workout Area More space, more equipment, more awesome benefits! Explore the Black Card Workout Area, available at select locations exclusively with our Black Card membership. More Squat Racks Go all out on leg day with squat racks that allow you to perform multiple exercises and perfect your lift. Additional Benches Build strength on your own terms with benches that can be easily adjusted for a tailored workout. Extra Space Get the extra space you need to workout how you want, where you want, and when you want. More Cable Machines Target your muscles from all angles with cable machines that can be adjusted to your fitness level. Weights up to 100 lbs Lift at your own level with a wide selection of free weights up to 100 lbs. Sign up for a Black Card membership and start working out today! Sign up for a Black Card membership and start working out today! JOIN NOW Black card Membership Perks With a Black Card membership*, you'll have access to: Tons of cardio equipment Free weights and weight machines 30 Minute Express Circuit Hydro Massage Beds Massage Chairs Free Tanning Access to Black Card Workout Area *Some conditions apply. Amenities may vary based on location. Join the Fit4Less Family Sign up for a Black Card membership and start working out today! Join the Fit4Less Family Sign up for a Black Card membership and start working out today! JOIN NOW The Fit4Less purpose is to give every person in Canada the opportunity to live a fit and healthy good life. Fit4Less makes high quality fitness affordable and provides more people in Canada the opportunity to achieve their health and fitness goals. About Locations Careers FAQ Holiday Hours Know Your Club Privacy Policy Rules and Regs Sitemap Terms of Use Membership Changes Copyright 2023 Fit4Less. All rights reserved × Sign Into My Account Username Type a Password Remember me forgot my password Don't have an account? Sign Up × Are you sure? Lock in Your Rate now and you'll never have to worry about your rates increasing as long as you stay a member. Only $9.95+tax every 3 months. LOCK IN MY RATE Yes, I'm sure × Are you sure you don’t want YANGA Sports Water? You’ll receive a FREE water bottle! Stay hydrated with vitamin infused sports water during your workout. YANGA WATER Yes, I'm sure × Upgrade to a Black Card Access to ALL locations, unlimited hydro massage bed and massage chair use, monthly giveaways, and more! Upgrade No, thanks × Hold tight! It looks like you’ve already submitted a request. Please wait while the first request is processed. Please note: Your membership contract may take some time to process but it will be sent shortly.