Community@PF | Planet Fitness Skip to main content Find a Club About Planet Fitness My Account Canada Search Join Us Breadcrumb links Home Community@PF Your source for workout suggestions, healthy lifestyle tips, fitness advice and more. Trending How Do You Get Motivated to Go to the Gym? Hack Your Workout! Most Liked 5 Ways to Bust through a Weight Loss Plateau A Dietitian Answers Top Questions about Healthy Foods Jump Start Your Day with 3 Quick At-Home Workouts Show newer posts Opens in a new window 9 Benefits of Exercise on Your Mental Health (Plus 3 Ways to Start Where You Are) While it may be obvious that exercise can improve your physical health, many people don’t realize the fantastic mental health benefits of exercise that are also available. Read more How to Increase Energy Levels, Naturally If you’re ready to boost your energy and create positive change, here are a few uncomplicated lifestyle changes to do just that. Read more 9 Benefits of Exercise on Your Mental Health (Plus 3 Ways to Start Where You Are) While it may be obvious that exercise can improve your physical health, many people don’t realize the fantastic mental health benefits of exercise that are also available. Read more How to Start Working Out (If You’ve Never Exercised Before) If you’ve never exercised before, but feel ready to start working out for the first time, it can be overwhelming. Maybe you’ve done your reading and research on the benefits of fitness. You’re motivated and ready to make some changes. But where do you begin? Read more THE LINK BETWEEN EXERCISE AND HEART HEALTH (PLUS 6 HEART HEALTHY EXERCISES TO TRY) February is recognized as Heart Health Month, a time when everyone can re-focus on their cardiovascular health. And did you know, just a few weekly workouts can improve your heart health? Read more Dynamic Upper Body Strength Workout for Beginners While most people think of the upper body as just the “show” muscles, those that look good in a tank top or short sleeved shirt (Ha!), the truth is those upper body muscles are essential for some of the most fundamental daily movement patterns. Read more WORKOUT ESSENTIALS: WHAT TO BRING TO THE GYM If you feel like you need to pack for a weekend getaway in order to make it to your 30-min workout - you’re doing it all wrong! Less is more when packing for the gym. Read more Teddy's Mask Guide Has Your Workout Covered! Teddy Savage, Planet Fitness Trainer, shows how you can still get a great workout while wearing a mask. Read more Benefits of Fitness on Overall Health Physical activity has the power to improve our overall wellness and quality of life. Learn the top five benefits of fitness and how it impacts health. Read more Protein Supplement Benefits: Do I Need a Protein Supplement? While there are many protein supplement benefits, many people wonder if they actually even need a supplement. The answer can depend on a range of factors. Read more 4 Challenging Bodyweight Exercises to Take Your Workout to the Next Level Tired of the same old gym routine? Amp up your workouts with these challenging bodyweight exercises! Here are four you can try today. Read more 3 Exercises That Minimize Joint Pressure Workouts that minimize joint pressure are important! These exercises are low-impact and can help you avoid injury or other issues. Read more The Beginner Upper-Body Workout You've Been Looking For After your lower-body workout, follow up with a beginner upper-body workout. Your shoulders, chest, back, and arms are all up for the challenge! Read more The Benefits of Lifting Light Weights Many people assume that to pack on muscle, they need to lift really heavy weights. But lifting light weights is an effective way to increase your strength! Read more New to the Gym? Here Are 6 Tips to Help You Exercise Safely Starting a new exercise program can be exciting. But there's a lot to learn! How to exercise safely is one of the most important lessons. Read more 4 Lower-Body Stretches You Should Try If You Have to Sit for Long Periods Counteract the aches and pains from long periods of sitting with these four lower-body stretches to help keep your muscles loose and limber. Read more You braved the cold for lil ol’ us!? 😍 Planet Fitness Instagram Share on Facebook Share on Twitter So like, we can all agree eating food is important right? Click the link in our bio to #STOPtheBULLFIT. Planet Fitness Instagram Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Which Wearable Fitness Technology Is Right for You? Keeping up with your health metrics can be as easy as putting on a watch! Use these tips to decide what wearable fitness technology is your perfect match. Read more A 25-Minute Bodyweight Cardio Workout to Get Your Body Moving This fun and engaging 25-minute bodyweight cardio workout will have your blood pumping in no time — whether you can make it to the gym that day or not! Read more Load more postsShow more… Back to top Find a ClubCommunity@PFAbout Planet FitnessCareersMemberships NewsroomPF StoreFranchisingCustomer Service Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseInvestor RelationsSite Map Copyright © 1997 - 2023 Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC.