Fitness and Wellness Articles | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay All Articles 61 Articles Sort by: Featured Newest Oldest Filter by Community Events Health Technology Fitness Science News Motivation Sort & Filter by (1) Sort & Filter by Sort by Featured Newest Oldest Filter by Community Events Health Technology Fitness Science News Motivation Clear AllApply News Reopening Orangetheory in Canada As of June 1st, four provinces (British Columbia, Manitoba, Nova Scotia and Saskatchewan) have announced specific dates and guidelines for fitness clubs to re-open. Despite these announcements, our franchisees in each of these four provinces have collectively decided to delay reopening until at least mid to late June.Read more News Support An Adult Fitness Tax Deduction At Orangetheory, we’re all about being stronger, together. So our local, independently-owned studios are one of many fitness centers and gyms joining together to support a new FEDERAL ADULT FITNESS TAX DEDUCTION.Read more Fitness Demystifying the Orangetheory Workout As you anticipate your first — or perhaps your second or third — Orangetheory Fitness class, this thought might be going through your mind as you think about the music, the energy, the workout: What IS this and what am I getting myself into? Read more Motivation Workout To Music: 5 Ways Music Motivates Your Workout Imagine heading into an Orangetheory class only to find no music playing over the speakers. Instead, you spend the next 60 minutes listening to your own heavy breathing as your feet hit the treadmill or you propel yourself forward on the rowing machine. No matter the number of Splat Points displayed on the board at the end of class, you probably won’t feel like you had a satisfying workout. That’s because music is more than just background noise—it’s a motivator. Read more Community Looking For Workout Motivation? Meet the #FatTuesdayFAM We’re grateful for the members who make Orangetheory more than just a group workout. Learn about an inspiring group that you can make part of your fitness community. Read more Science Here’s What Happens to Your Brain Before Your First Orangetheory Class Whether you’re signing up for class one or 100, every Orangetheory member has at some point in time walked into the orange-lit studio and not known how to strap on their OTbeat™, fasten their feet into the rower or set their Base Pace on the treadmill. When you’re heading into your first class, it might feel like you’re the only one who’s intimidated or overwhelmed — but science says you aren’t alone. Read more Health What’s the Difference Between BMI and Body Composition? If you’ve ever been told that your BMI is on the high side, you’ve probably felt some sort of cross between embarrassment, anger and a bit of confusion. That’s because BMI — or body mass index — doesn’t tell the whole story. Read more Motivation How Mantras Can Make You Feel Unstoppable During An Orangetheory Workout We all have days when it’s a struggle to maintain our regular Base pace or reach the number of watts we usually hit on the rowing machine. But, have you ever noticed how just one misstep in the weight room can sometimes throw off the rest of your class? Read more Health Over 50? How Exercise Can Add Quality Years to Your Life Let’s be honest, starting a new fitness routine at any age can be intimidating. But because Orangetheory was created with all ages and fitness levels in mind, rest assured it’s never too late to reap those anti-aging benefits from this science-backed workout.Read more Fitness Worried about your post-pandemic fitness level? Here's how to get back to your base pace safely and sanely With many Orangetheory Fitness studios reopening after months of being closed, you may be feeling mixed emotions. On one hand -- Hooray! It’ll be great to be back in the groove, to see coaches and classmates I haven’t seen since March! On the other hand -- Yikes! What if I can’t keep up? What if I’ve lost everything, I worked so hard to attain? First, know that hope is far from lost (as you’ll see in the tips below). Read more Load More Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.