Franchising Opportunities | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Own An Orangetheory Contact Us Today Open in new Window Own An Orangetheory:1 of 1 A Franchise to Change Lives. Including Yours. At Orangetheory Fitness, we set both our members and franchise partners up for success. Our workout is scientifically proven to produce results, and our tried-and-true development track record is evidence of an effective franchise formula. With nearly one million members and over 1,500 locations around the globe, we’re just getting started in our mission to bring More Life to more people. We're rapidly growing across Canada with licenses available in select markets. If you feel your area needs a studio, or are interested in joining our network, please reach out to discuss opportunities further. Thank you for your continued interest in our brand, and we look forward to hearing from you. Why Our Franchise Stands Out. Unique concept combines fitness and technology Small studios designed for large groups 1800+ franchises awarded in 27 countries 115+ locations across Canada Comprehensive corporate training & support includes: real estate, operations, marketing, sales, fitness, equipment, technology, training, construction & design Franchising Candidate Requirements Only serious candidates interested in becoming a stakeholder in a strong, rapidly expanding, premium fitness brand. Must be able to provide required capital, and dedicated studio management support, while following an ever-evolving cutting-edge system: Invidual or group investors with solid entrepreneur experience Owner/Operator, engage with your team daily – helping to drive the business and building community in your studio – NO ABSENTEE OWNERSHIP Access to liquid capital to invest in the growth of your business Get Started Inside Our Studio Take a 360 Degree Tour of Our Studio Open in new Window Ellen Latham Creater and Co-founder of Orangetheory Fitness Who We Are In 2007, physiologist Ellen Latham brought together science and fitness in a revolutionary way. She called it the Orange Effect and started her own fitness studio to prove it. Orangetheory is a science-backed, technology-tracked, coach-inspired group workout designed to produce results from the inside out. The hardest part of our workouts is showing up - we make it simple for you to push yourself, be your personal best and give you more. Today OTF has taken the world by storm to become one of the most well-known fitness franchises on the planet. We’re spread across more than 1,500 studios in 25 countries across the globe. We attract Master & Local Franchisees with a range of skills from leadership, to retail and operations, to sales and finance. They’re all passionate about innovation, driven to bring the latest fitness trends to their market, and excited by a business opportunity with exceptional personal and potential financial reward. Learn More Open in new Window In The News 100th studio makes Orangetheory Fitness Canada's fastest growing fitness brand Seven years after their 2012 arrival, Orangetheory Fitness has opened the country's 100th location in Canada in Vancouver, British Columbia. Located at 3055 West Broadway, OTF West Broadway is the 9th location to be opened by former Vancouver Canucks star Trevor Linden and his ownership group. The opening of this location has made Canada the first country outside of the United States to open 100 studios under the brand, and the first fitness studio chain to do so in Canada. Read More Read More Virtual is here to stay: Canadian gyms to maintain, expand online offerings as facilities reopen As gym facilities across the country begin to reopen with new restrictions, some Canadian franchises say they intend to maintain the online offerings they launched due to the pandemic closures. Read More Read More Orangetheory Fitness Raises More Than $4 Million to Find a Cure for ALS For the second time in two years, Orangetheory Fitness, one of the world's fastest-growing fitness franchise brands, has raised record-breaking dollars to change the future for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). In just three weeks, the company's 875 studios in the United States and Canada raised $4,010,818 for Augie's Quest, a foundation dedicated to finding a cure for ALS. The donation, presented in San Diego, Calif., on Friday, was the largest single-year donation in the foundation's 13-year history. Read More Read More Find Out More. Ready to get started? To inquire about available markets or for more information, click below to submit your information. Apply Now Open in new Window Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.