Free Workout Days | Fit4Less
 Memberships Starting at $7.99 Every 2 weeks*!JOIN NOW Skip to content Search for: Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Member Login Join Now Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubORView All Locations Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Skip to content Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) Member Login Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Search for: We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubView All Locations Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Join Now Home Gym Memberships Free Workout Days Who Doesn't Love a Free Workout? Free Workout Days are back! Join us the last Thursday of the month. Want to make sure Fit4Less is right for you before you sign up for a membership? Then our Free Workout Days were made for you. Stop by on the last Thursday of every month to check out our club and get a workout completely FREE*. Here's how it works: 1Visit your local club any time between 7am and 10pm** (there's no need to sign up ahead of time). 2Let the staff know you're there for the Free Workout. 3Sign a waiver to confirm you agree to our terms and conditions. 4Start working out — don't forget to try the Hydro Massage Beds! Join us for a Free Workout on the last Thursday of every month! Where: All Fit4Less clubs When: 7 AM-10 PM** *Any person attending Free Workout Days who is between the ages of 16-18/19 years old (a minor) must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian in order to work out. **Check your local club for variations in staffed hours. Join the Fit4Less Family! The Fit4Less Free Workout Days give you the VIP Fit4Less experience, with access to tons of club amenities. We have two memberships options to fit your budget and lifestyle: the 4Less membership and Black Card membership. The Fit4Less Free Workout Days give you the VIP Fit4Less experience, with access to tons of club amenities. We have two memberships options to fit your budget and lifestyle: the 4Less membership and Black Card membership. With a Black Card membership*, you'll have access to: Tons of cardio equipment Free weights and weight machines 30 Minute Express Circuit Hydro Massage Beds Massage Chairs Free Tanning Access to Black Card Workout Area *Some conditions apply. Amenities may vary based on location. Already know Fit4Less is the gym for you? Sign up for a membership online and start working out today! Already know Fit4Less is the gym for you? Sign up for a membership online and start working out today! JOIN NOW The Fit4Less purpose is to give every person in Canada the opportunity to live a fit and healthy good life. Fit4Less makes high quality fitness affordable and provides more people in Canada the opportunity to achieve their health and fitness goals. About Locations Careers FAQ Holiday Hours Know Your Club Privacy Policy Rules and Regs Sitemap Terms of Use Membership Changes Copyright 2023 Fit4Less. All rights reserved × Sign Into My Account Username Type a Password Remember me forgot my password Don't have an account? Sign Up × Are you sure? Lock in Your Rate now and you'll never have to worry about your rates increasing as long as you stay a member. Only $9.95+tax every 3 months. LOCK IN MY RATE Yes, I'm sure × Are you sure you don’t want YANGA Sports Water? You’ll receive a FREE water bottle! Stay hydrated with vitamin infused sports water during your workout. YANGA WATER Yes, I'm sure × Upgrade to a Black Card Access to ALL locations, unlimited hydro massage bed and massage chair use, monthly giveaways, and more! Upgrade No, thanks × Hold tight! It looks like you’ve already submitted a request. Please wait while the first request is processed. Please note: Your membership contract may take some time to process but it will be sent shortly.