Frequently Asked Questions | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Frequently Answered Questions Frequently Answered Questions:1 of 1 Here Are the Answers You’ve Been Searching For. What is Orangetheory? Orangetheory is a 1 hour, full body workout, focused on training Endurance, Strength and/or Power. We use Heart Rate Based Interval Training, which burns more calories post workout than a traditional exercise. When wearing our Heart Rate monitors, your real time results are displayed on large screens throughout the studio. Intensity is based on your individual Heart Rate zones, making the workout effective for all fitness levels. To top it off, our fitness coaches to lead the workout to prevent you from over or under training. I haven't worked out in a long time? Can I still do the workout? Of course. Orangetheory is geared toward ALL levels of fitness and everyone is free and encouraged to go at their own pace. We recommend trying a free introductory workout, then discussing any thoughts or questions you may have regarding your fitness goals, with your coach. I have issues with (part of the body). Can I still do your workout? Absolutely. Our coaches are trained to provide options for each exercise on the floor, in addition to offering a low-impact bike and strider alternative in place of the treadmill for lower body injuries or orthopedic restrictions. I’m pregnant. Can I still do the workout? If you’ve already been doing Orangetheory and become pregnant, check with your doctor first. Our heart rate monitoring is a perfect way to keep an eye on your intensity as you progress through your pregnancy. If you are a few months into your pregnancy and haven’t been doing any sort of fitness training, wait until after you have your baby and we can help get you back into shape! What equipment do you use at Orangetheory? Our workout room has a variety of equipment including treadmills (bikes and striders as alternatives), WaterRowers and floor equipment, including dumbbells, benches, TRX suspension trainers, medicine balls, BOSU trainers and Ab Dolly’s. What is OTbeat? OTbeat is our exclusive heart rate monitoring technology. Members have the unique experience of seeing real time data during their workout, enabling them to push themselves to new limits. After class, they can then monitor their improvements through emailed results and by using the OTbeat APP. What do the 5 zones mean, and why is the Orange zone so important? Orangetheory is 5 Zone heart rate based interval training using specifically designed and timed interval training blocks. During a workout, members focus on Zones 3, 4 and 5. The workouts are designed to produce 12 minutes or more in Zones 4 & 5 combined (to achieve the after burn) during the treadmill training portion of the workout. What are Splat points? Splat points indicate minutes spent in the orange and red zones. Aim for at least 12 splat points per class. What is EPOC? The physiological theory behind the Orangetheory workout is known as “Excess Post-Exercise Oxygen Consumption,” or EPOC. Our 1 hour workout is designed to produce 12 minutes or more of intensities at 84% or higher of maximum heart rate. This program design produces workout “after burn” effect, which is an increased metabolic rate for up to 36 hours after the workout. How early should I arrive for my first Orangetheory class? We ask that you arrive 30 minutes prior to your first class to go over your fitness goals, get you set up on our heart rate monitoring system and introduce you to your fitness coach. What do I need for class? A water bottle and a towel. How do I book a class? Book your first class by locating your closest studio and contacting them to book it. Once you have become a member, download the OTF Booking App. How much does Orangetheory cost? Our rates and fees vary based on studio, but your first workout is FREE. Contact your local studio to discuss pricing when you redeem your free workout. Where is the closest Orangetheory to me? We have hundreds of locations worldwide. To find the studio nearest you, check out our full list of locations, by state and country. Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.