GoodLife Fitness on the App Store Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps. GoodLife Fitness 4+ Live the Good Life everywhere GoodLife Fitness Designed for iPhone #25 in Health & Fitness 2.4 • 2.5K Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description GROUP FITNESS CLASS BOOKING: Group Fitness Classes ahead of time, right here in the app. AT-HOME WORKOUT LIBRARY: You might not be able hit the gym, but you can still stay on track! Take advantage of our new built-in workout library and reach your goals at home. Whether you’re looking for cardio or strength, these exercises will keep your workout streak going. ON-DEMAND CLASSES: Looking for a quick workout or something a bit longer? We’ve got you covered with our on-demand classes. Choose from 200+ different classes ranging from cardio & resistance training to yoga & breathing exercises. DETAILED EXERCISE TUTORIALS: Not sure exactly how to do an exercise? We’ve added detailed guidelines for each exercise to make sure you feel confident and get the most out of your workouts. TRAINING PLANS: We’ve created longer, easy-to-follow body-weight training plans so you can train from home with minimal or no equipment. Get your sweat on, keep your mood up and have fun! DIGITAL CLUB ACCESS: The app generates a unique barcode, allowing you to scan into any GoodLife Fitness location using only your smartphone—making Club access easier and safer. FAVOURITE CLUBS AND CLUB DETAILS: Transition seamlessly from one GoodLife Fitness location to the next by selecting up to five of your favourite Clubs. That way, you can view upcoming Group Fitness Classes, hours of operation and the available amenities at all five of these GoodLife Fitness Clubs. more What’s New Version History Nov 30, 2022 Version 5.12.0 Bug fixes and performance improvements to make your digital workout experience even better! Ratings and Reviews See All 2.4 out of 5 2.5K Ratings 2.5K Ratings yyccantlogin , 12/16/2022 Can’t log in The login just keeps circling back and refreshing the original log in page - can’t access through app. It isn’t a username password issue as I can log in through the browser website. tel711 , 05/25/2020 Doesn’t work App does not work. At first it would not even let me login. After numerous attempts It finally signed me into a blank white screen. No matter how many times you open and close, it’s just an app that literally just a white screen. more Developer Response , Hi there, thank you for your feedback. We are aware that some members are having this issue and are working hard to deploy a fix. We really appreciate your patience as we work through this and will update our app as soon as we can. The GoodLife Digital Team. more Alexkitchener. , 09/08/2017 No wallet support So you went halfway GoodLife and added the membership barcode to the app. I used the barcode at my gym today and signed in with no problem. However, why don't you finish what you started and add barcode to Apple Wallet? Do that and I'll give you 5 stars. more App Privacy See Details The developer, GoodLife Fitness, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info Identifiers Sensitive Info Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller GoodLife Fitness Centres Inc Size 78 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Portuguese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © GoodLife Fitness 2021. All Rights Reserved. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like See All Dynacare Plus Health & Fitness Movati Athletic. Health & Fitness LifeLabs - Net Check In Medical ClaimSecure eProfile Health & Fitness CANImmunize Medical Dynacare - Net Check In Medical More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map