GoodLife Fitness - Apps on Google Play google_logo Play Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids none search help_outline Sign in with Google play_appsLibrary & devices paymentPayments & subscriptions reviewsMy Play activity redeemOffers settingsSettings Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids GoodLife Fitness GoodLife Fitness 1.8star 2.29K reviews 100K+ Downloads Everyone info Install Add to wishlist chevron_right About this app arrow_forward WORKOUT BOOKING: We want to strike an important balance between providing the safest Club environment possible AND an exceptional experience for our Members. One of the key ways we can achieve this safety is by strongly recommending you book your workouts (for those Clubs that require it) or Group Fitness Classes ahead of time, right here in the app. AT-HOME WORKOUT LIBRARY: You might not be able hit the gym, but you can still stay on track! Take advantage of our new built-in workout library and reach your goals at home. Whether you’re looking for cardio or strength, these exercises will keep your workout streak going. ON-DEMAND CLASSES: Looking for a quick workout or something a bit longer? We’ve got you covered with our on-demand classes. Choose from 200+ different classes ranging from cardio & resistance training to yoga & breathing exercises. DETAILED EXERCISE TUTORIALS: Not sure exactly how to do an exercise? We’ve added detailed guidelines for each exercise to make sure you feel confident and get the most out of your workouts. TRAINING PLANS: We’ve created longer, easy-to-follow body-weight training plans so you can train from home with minimal or no equipment. Get your sweat on, keep your mood up and have fun! DIGITAL CLUB ACCESS: The app generates a unique barcode, allowing you to scan into any GoodLife Fitness location using only your smartphone—making Club access easier and safer. FAVOURITE CLUBS AND CLUB DETAILS: Transition seamlessly from one GoodLife Fitness location to the next by selecting up to five of your favourite Clubs. That way, you can view upcoming Group Fitness Classes, hours of operation and the available amenities at all five of these GoodLife Fitness Clubs. Updated on Nov 30, 2022 Health & Fitness Data safety arrow_forward Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time. No data shared with third parties Learn more about how developers declare sharing This app may collect these data types Personal info, Health and fitness and 2 others Data is encrypted in transit You can request that data be deleted See details Ratings and reviews Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline arrow_forward Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline 1.8 2.29K reviews 5 4 3 2 1 Chris Denyer more_vert Flag inappropriate February 27, 2023 The training portion i find, as a beginner, hard to follow. When you first open the plan it shows you how to use the machines but then you start it and it only shows static images and if you have to double check how you have to stop the plan, watch the instructions and then go back in. Also no way to track weight or anything that I found, they have the sheets in the gym but it sure would be nice to track your weights by machine you used so you can see progress. Did you find this helpful? Yes No Neil Gonsalves more_vert Flag inappropriate Show review history October 28, 2022 November 12, 2020: Horribly slow. Logging me out almost daily even with going into the app several times a day. Good luck on trying to log back in after. For an app that is necessary to be functioning smoothly for appointment booking or getting scanned in at a club, this app is a failure. UPDATE: October 28, 2022 Seems to have been operating much faster for a year. No need to book appointments so cannot say how booking feature is. 27 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No Jerry Schindel more_vert Flag inappropriate July 13, 2020 Terrible. No way to search certain times without going through the whole day. If you have mutiple locations saved it goes through all locations. The filters don't seem to work. The App will show "Available: and when you click on it to book a workout it get stuck at COVID 19 disclosure and unable to book. I have tried for a few hours over the last two days to try and book my workouts for the week with no luck. 57 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No See all reviews What's new Bug fixes and performance improvements to make your digital workout experience even better! flagFlag as inappropriate Developer contact expand_more language Website http://www.goodlifefitness.com email Email members@goodlifefitness.com verified_user Privacy policy http://www.goodlifefitness.com/privacypolicy.aspx flagFlag as inappropriate Google Play Play Pass Play Points Gift cards Redeem Refund policy Kids & family Parent Guide Family sharing Terms of Service Privacy About Google Play Developers Google Store Canada (English (United States))