Group Fitness Class & Interval Training | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay PausePlay More Than A Gym - Guaranteed Results For As Little As $12/Session* Coming Soon Coming soon Your Location When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.Search Love It or Your Money Back. Try Our 30-Day Risk Free Guarantee We know you will love your Orangetheory experience. In fact, just take 12 classes during your first 30 days and if you don’t feel like you’re living a more vibrant, happier, healthier life, take back all your money and walk away. The first class may be taken at no charge. †Terms Apply. Learn more here. Open in new Window Get More From Your Membership Get More From Your Membership At Orangetheory, it's all included: certified personal trainers, science-backed workouts tailored to you, and real-time technology-tracked performance. Our workouts are designed to burn fat, boost your metabolism, and improve your overall health, all for as little as $12 per session*. Learn More Become a Member. It only takes a minute inside our studio to understand it’s not a competition — it’s a community. Together, we’re working toward a better version of ourselves to live a longer, more vibrant life. More Info The Change Is Real: How Orangetheory’s Transformation Challenge Impacted These Three People Every January, Orangetheory Fitness kicks off its annual Transformation Challenge — an opportunity for members to set their individual goals for the new year, measure their progress, and join a support team unlike any other. Read More The Change Is Real: How Orangetheory’s Transformation Challenge Impacted These Three People Every January, Orangetheory Fitness kicks off its annual Transformation Challenge — an opportunity for members to set their individual goals for the new year, measure their progress, and join a support team unlike any other. Read More Non-Scale Victories at Orangetheory Non-Scale Victories at Orangetheory Mention fitness successes, and most of us think of weight loss. But as Orangetheory Fitness coach Vanessa Vossler will tell you, the greatest fitness victories have little to do with pounds lost. Read More Demystifying the Orangetheory Workout Demystifying the Orangetheory Workout As you anticipate your first — or perhaps your second or third — Orangetheory Fitness class, this thought might be going through your mind as you think about the music, the energy, the workout: What IS this and what am I getting myself into? Read More How to Increase Your Running Pace Running is a huge part of each Orangetheory Fitness workout. It’s beneficial to our physical and mental health. And, once we get the hang of running, it’s fun. Read More How to Increase Your Running Pace Running is a huge part of each Orangetheory Fitness workout. It’s beneficial to our physical and mental health. And, once we get the hang of running, it’s fun. Read More Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.