Gym Membership | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Let’s Talk Memberships. No matter what your fitness level is, 2 to 4 workouts a week is all you need to maximize your results at Orangetheory. Let’s find the membership option that works best for you. Orange Premier Unlimited classes Reduced rate for families Orange Elite 8 classes/month Extra classes at reduced rate Orange Basic 4 classes/month Extra classes at reduced rate Class Packages 10 Classes 20 Classes 30 Classes Membership Benefits Nationwide studio access Easy online booking Month-to-month memberships Quit Free Guarantee If you don’t feel like you’re living a more vibrant, happier, healthier life after one month of classes, take back your money and walk away for free*. See details and terms. Corporate Memberships Orangetheory Fitness is more than just a workout. It's an employee-engaging, productivity-elevating experience designed to give your company More Bottom Line and give your employees More Life, one class at a time. Free Lunch & Burn intro class Free Team-Building Workout Preferred Membership Pricing for all employees Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.