Heart-Rate Based HIIT Workout | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Get Results You Can See and Feel. Get Results You Can See and Feel.:1 of 1 The 5 Heart Rate Zones The 5 Heart Rate Zones Your coach will guide you through our 5 different heart rate zones: resting, easy, challenging, uncomfortable and All Out, telling you when to push harder and when to pull back for recovery. The goal is to spend just 12 to 20 minutes with your heart rate elevated in “The Orange Zone” to boost your metabolism, burn fat and burn more calories. What Happens in Class. PausePlay 01 Rowing Every stroke on the rower activates 85% of your body’s muscles to help you improve endurance, strength and power. PausePlay 02 Cardio Whether you walk, jog or run, you’ll go at your own pace based on your fitness level. We also have bikes and striders available as alternates to the treadmill. PausePlay 03 Strength Training Our weight and floor exercises change daily so you can focus on different muscles. Your coach can provide options for any movement if you have injuries or limitations. Get Results, Straight from Your Heart. We’ll prove you’re improving. Our OTbeat technology measures your heart rate and performance data in real time so you know your workout is working. See Results in Real Time. In-studio monitors connect directly with your OTbeat wearable to show your progress and keep you accountable to your level of effort. Track Performance in the App. You’ll have 24/7 access to your results and fitness data so you can track your performance and set new goals. Get Results, Straight from Your Heart.:1 of 3 display previous panel display next panel Our Coaches Are More than Just Coaches. As you take in the energy of our group workout, you’ll also get the attention and inspiration that comes from our experienced personal coaches. They’re full of the life they promise and always pushing you forward with tough love. What Our Members Are Saying About: The Studio “ I was afraid I was not going to be able to keep up. But I couldn’t have been more wrong. Everyone at the studio was encouraging. I loved the coaches, and the workout was so fun. Kathryn W The First Class “ I was super nervous and scared, but once I completed the class, I was hooked immediately! Eugene The Community “ I was never an athlete. OTF has given me the ability to push myself individually, yet still feel like I am part of a team. Carissa C The Workout “ The workouts are so fast-paced that I don’t have time to think about the stress of my day, and for 60 minutes my mind is clear. Deb A Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.