Inside Planet Fitness: Virtual Tours | Planet Fitness Skip to main content Find a Club About Planet Fitness My Account Canada Search Join Us Breadcrumb links Home Take a Virtual Club Tour! See what Planet Fitness is all about! Join us on a virtual club tour around Planet Fitness. You’ll learn all about the different areas of the club and Teddy will show you how to get the most out of a membership and where you can start your fitness journey. Watch here or on the free Planet Fitness App! Loading your interactive content... Your browser does not support the audio element. Loading... Welcome to Planet Fitness Join our very own Teddy as he guides you through the Planet Fitness in-club experience. We’ll start with welcoming you with touchless check-in, then he’ll take you through each section of the club and explain the benefits and why your fitness is essential so you can get the most out of your fitness journey! Previous Let's Go Cardio Let's Go Cardio Welcome to our cardio theater. We have tons of cardio equipment to choose from including treadmills, ellipticals and more for all of your preferences! You can also use your headphones to watch any of the TVs in the club so you can work out AND catch up on your favorite shows. Tons of Variety Tons of Variety Teddy takes you through our strength section that has machines for all of your muscle groups. We have everything from weight machines, smith machines, Cable towers, more! Have questions? We’re here to help you use any of our equipment safely and our app has equipment tutorials. Free Weights Free Weights The Judgement Free Zone® puts the Free in weights. This section is great way to build strength during your workouts! Find lots of different workouts that incorporate free weights on the free Planet Fitness App to help you get started or ask a friendly team member! The 30 Minute Circuit The 30 Minute Circuit Just what the name says. It’s a quick workout you can do in just 30 minutes. It combines strength and cardio so you get the full benefits of a full-body workout. The PF 360 The PF 360 You’ll love the versatility of our PF 360. It’s chock full of equipment like kettlebells, resistance bands, and more to design the perfect workout all in one place! Join Now Join Now Thanks for taking our Virtual Planet Fitness Club Tour. We hope we’ve inspired you to get moving and most of all feel great! You can join online or come on in to your local club and see it for yourself! Join Now! Next 1 2 3 4 5 6 Back to top Find a ClubCommunity@PFAbout Planet FitnessCareersMemberships NewsroomPF StoreFranchisingCustomer Service Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of UseInvestor RelationsSite Map Copyright © 1997 - 2023 Planet Fitness Franchising, LLC. × × × × × ×