Press | Orangetheory Fitness This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Media Inquries For general media inquiries, please contact: pr@orangetheoryfitness.com Interview requests High-resolution photos Orangetheory Fitness trial workouts Expert resources on topics including: The brand’s unique approach to fitness, including the trifecta of science, coaching and technology How Orangetheory delivers More Life Fast-growing fitness franchise Excess post-exercise oxygen consumption (EPOC) Health, wellness, fitness/exercise Gyms and group fitness concepts Exercise physiology Testimonials or fitness success stories from real people Interval training, high-intensity interval training (HIIT) Media Press Kit Orangetheory in the Press Today Show Orangetheory founder turns her workouts into a movement Read More Today Show Orangetheory founder turns her workouts into a movement Read More CNBC Apple partners with buzzy fitness studio Orangetheory to track workouts on Apple Watch Read More CNBC Apple partners with buzzy fitness studio Orangetheory to track workouts on Apple Watch Read More Women's Health One of the greatest parts of the Orangetheory workout is that it truly is designed for every fitness level Read More Women's Health One of the greatest parts of the Orangetheory workout is that it truly is designed for every fitness level Read More The Doctors By getting in high levels of physical activity, such as 60 minutes of interval training, you are essentially slowing your cellular decline and strengthening your cells to prevent them from damage Read More The Doctors By getting in high levels of physical activity, such as 60 minutes of interval training, you are essentially slowing your cellular decline and strengthening your cells to prevent them from damage Read More PopSugar For Orangetheory veterans to beginners alike, using Orangetheory's interval training style at home is a sure bet to getting your sweat on and really feeling the burn. With workouts around 30 minutes in length, incorporating them into your exercise routine is an easy, fun way to change it up and push your body just a bit further. Read More PopSugar For Orangetheory veterans to beginners alike, using Orangetheory's interval training style at home is a sure bet to getting your sweat on and really feeling the burn. With workouts around 30 minutes in length, incorporating them into your exercise routine is an easy, fun way to change it up and push your body just a bit further. Read More Forbes Forbes When Ellen Latham created a metabolic workout to help her clients achieve their goals, she knew from her exercise physiology training and decades of teaching experience that it would work. What she didn’t expect was that the program would become an international fitness sensation. Read More Franchising.com Franchising.com Orangetheory Sets Fitness and Franchise Industries Ablaze with Workouts Fueled by Mixture of Science, Coaching and Technology Read More Cheddar Orangetheory Fitness is excited to get members back into locations across the country. While the boutique fitness brand has offered free at-home workouts to help members exercise throughout the pandemic, the company is now making a number of changes to promote a safe return to the studio. Dave Long, CEO and co-founder at Orangetheory Fitness, joined Wake Up With Cheddar to talk about the company's plans. Read More Cheddar Orangetheory Fitness is excited to get members back into locations across the country. While the boutique fitness brand has offered free at-home workouts to help members exercise throughout the pandemic, the company is now making a number of changes to promote a safe return to the studio. Dave Long, CEO and co-founder at Orangetheory Fitness, joined Wake Up With Cheddar to talk about the company's plans. Read More Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.