Promotion Terms | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay Promotion Terms MARATHON MONTH MARATHON MONTH The challenge will run from August 1, 2022, through August 31, 2022. Registration is open to all members. This is an in-studio event only. Participants will pay a $20 registration fee. A class will not be deducted. Participants must commit to one of the challenges prior to the start date: Treadmill: Half Marathon Challenge – 13.1 miles/21.1 kilometers Treadmill: Full Marathon Challenge – 26.2 miles/42.2 kilometers Treadmill: Ultramarathon Challenge – 31.1+ miles/50+ kilometers Bike/Strider: Full Keiser Bike: 104.8 Mile/ 168.6 kilometers Keiser M3i Bike: 65.5 Miles / 105.412 kilometers Strider: 78.6 Miles All participants will receive a special edition OTF Marathon hat at the end of the challenge. Only those using the treadmill are eligible to win. For the Half and Full, winners are determined by who completes their selected category the fastest first. For Ultra, winners are determined by who runs the farthest by close of business on August 31, 2022. Distance must be tracked in-studio on the Challenge Tracker. No more than one (1) class per day will count towards the distance total. All in-studio class types are included for tracking (excluding Lift 45). Participants cannot double up on the cardio portion in one (1) class. Studios and members are to use and track the exact mile distance. Warm-up distance does not count. FIRST FREE WORKOUT/CLASS OFFER Offer limited to first-time visitors to Orangetheory Fitness and local residents only. Certain restrictions apply. $28 minimum value. At participating studios only. See studio for details. Subject to availability. As with any exercise program, you assume certain risks to your health and safety by starting an exercise program and/or participating in exercise activities. The Orangetheory Fitness workout is an extremely strenuous and physically demanding activity. Participants are urged to always consult a medical professional or physician before participating in an activity or starting an exercise program. There is increased risk of injury by performing an activity incorrectly, especially if you have existing health problem or physical conditions. BURN 500 CALORIES OR MORE IN 60 MINUTES Including the afterburn. Individual results may vary. This is not health or medical advice and is not a replacement of advice or treatment by a health professional or physician. Participants are urged to always consult a medical professional or physician before participating in activity or starting an exercise program. Workout is an extremely strenuous and physically demanding activity. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not exceed your physical limits or over-exert yourself. Neither OTF, nor its employees, agents or affiliates, make any guarantees or warrants as to the results that may be obtained from exercise program or information and services provided during workout. OTF makes no claims or warrants that these that these results are typical. Even if you follow the program in full, you may not obtain desired results. Actual results depend on the individual and effort exerted. You may not experience weight loss, lose fat, gain muscle or attain the results you are seeking. As with any exercise program, you assume certain risks to your health and safety by starting an exercise program and/or participating in exercise activities. Increased risk of injury by performing activity incorrectly, especially if you have existing health problem or physical conditions. KEEP BURNING CALORIES FOR UP TO 24 HOURS Based on intensity level, participants can burn an expected average of 15-20% more calories above their standard resting calorie burn. This is not health or medical advice and is not a replacement of advice or treatment by a health professional or physician. Participants are urged to always consult a medical professional or physician before participating in activity or starting an exercise program. Workout is an extremely strenuous and physically demanding activity. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not exceed your physical limits or over-exert yourself. Results may vary. Nether OTF, nor its employees, agents or affiliates, make any guarantees or warrants as to the results that may be obtained from exercise program or information and services provided during workout. OTF makes no claims or warrants that these that these results are typical. Even if you follow the program in full, you may not obtain your desired results. Actual results depend on the individual and effort exerted. You may not experience weight loss, lose fat, gain muscle or attain the results you are seeking. As with any exercise program, you assume certain risks to your health and safety by starting an exercise program and/or participating in exercise activities. Increased risk of injury by performing activity incorrectly, especially if you have existing health problem or physical conditions. If you choose to participate in this exercise program, you assume these risks or your own free will and accord. SIGN UP FOR TWO FREE CLASSES PRIOR TO GRAND OPENING Offer valid for two free classes during the two-week period prior to studio’s grand opening only. A third free class may be offered if you bring a friend or family member. Friend or family member must be a first time visitor to Orangetheory Fitness. Local residents only. Certain restrictions apply. See studio for details. Subject to availability. As with any exercise program, you assume certain risks to your health and safety by starting an exercise program and/or participating in exercise activities. Workout is an extremely strenuous and physically demanding activity. Participants are urged to always consult a medical professional or physician before participating in activity or starting an exercise program. There is increased risk of injury by performing activity incorrectly, especially if you have existing health problem or physical conditions. If you choose to participate in this exercise program, you assume these risks or your own free will and accord. TRY TWO FREE WORKOUTS/CLASSES At participating studios only. First time users and local residents only. Second session must be used within 6 days of the first and booked in person at the studio. Restrictions apply. See studio for details. 30 DAY RISK FREE GUARANTEE We are confident you will be satisfied with your Orangetheory Fitness experience. In fact, if you are not satisfied after completing at least twelve (12) sessions, you will receive a refund for the monthly membership dues. OTbeat wearables and other retail sales are not refundable. At participating studios only. Offer valid for first time members only having a Premier Membership. All twelve (12) sessions must be completed within the first month of the membership start date at your home studio. A refund request must be made by contacting your home studio within the first month of membership. Individual results may vary, and you may not obtain your desired results after completing at least twelve (12) sessions. Neither Orangetheory Fitness, nor its employees, agents, or affiliates, make any representations, warranties, or guarantees as to the results that may be achieved from session participation or any information and/or related services provided. Participants are urged to always consult a medical professional or physician before participating in activity or starting an exercise program. UNLIMITED CLASSES WITH PROMOTION PERIOD This offer is limited solely to the intended recipient and may not be transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed to a third party. The offer may only be redeemed at participating studios and may not be combined with any other offers. This offer is only applicable to the intended use indicated in the email. This targeted offer is valid for one-time use only and is redeemable only by the recipient of the original message from Orangetheory Fitness. The promotional offer is valid within the period stated in the promotion details or email. Any attempt to utilize the promotional messages to redeem the offer outside of this time period will not be permitted. Discounts on memberships are applicable only for the length of time specified in the offer. After the specified time, the membership will revert to the standard membership rates. It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not exceed your physical limits or over-exert yourself. FREE HEART-RATE MONITOR WHEN YOU JOIN Valid February 1st, 2023 - February 28th, 2023 This offer is valid for new memberships only This offer may only be redeemed at participating studios and may not be combined with any other offer. New members who are joining a studio on a Premier membership will receive a free heart-rate monitor while supplies last. New members who are joining a studio on an Elite membership will receive 50% off the retail price of their heart-rate monitor while supplies last. This offer is limited solely to the intended recipient and may not be transferred, assigned or otherwise conveyed to a third party. Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.