Real Estate | Orangetheory Fitness This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay real estate REAL ESTATE Orangetheory Fitness is actively pursuing new locations in existing markets and other select areas throughout the world. In general, we look for upscale oriented locations in both established and growing markets. An Orangetheory studio will drive unique, high-income consumers to the retail location every day. If you’re a landlord or broker, and would like to see if your available location meets the site and demographic criteria for a new OTF studio, please complete our site submittal form below. We will then run our internal evaluation and contact you if your location meets our criteria to discuss other aspects of the site in further detail. DOWNLOAD SITE CRITERIA New Site Submission Forms Please click on the links below to access and submit real estate forms for approval. United States Approval Form International Site Approval Form U.S. and International LOI Approval Form U.S. and International Lease Submission Form Transcript no available FROM MIAMI TO SANTA MONICA, SYDNEY TO TOKYO Orangetheory Fitness is growing - fast. And as we grow, our need for new studios in new markets and new locations also grows. Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.