Dumbbells - Buy Strength Equipment Online – Fitness Avenue
 Skip to content Up to 12 Months Financing from 0% | Apply at checkout Language English English Français Country/region Canada (CAD $) Submit Account Open cart $0.00 (0) $0.00 (0) Open menu Open cart 0 SHOP Cardio Cardio Bikes Exercise Bikes Air Bikes Indoor Cycles Treadmills Ellipticals Rowers Weightlifting Bars & Weights Weightlifting Bars & Weights Barbells Olympic Bars (2") Standart Bars (1") Lifting Accessories Weight Plates Olympic Plates Bumper Plates Standard Plates Weight Sets Dumbbells Virgin Rubber Dumbbels PVC Dumbbells Adjustable Dumbbells Dumbbell Sets Kettlebells Cast Iron Kettlebells Competition Kettlebells Vinyl Dipped Kettlebells Storage Dumbbell Racks Plate & Bar Racks Kettlebell Racks Accessory Storage Lifting Accessories Strength Equipment Strength Equipment Benches Flat Benches Adjustable Benches Press Benches Bench Attachments Racks & Cages Squat & Power Racks Smith Machines Rig Systems Rack Attachments Cable Machines Functional Trainers Cable Attachments Core & Back Upper Body Lower Body & Legs Conditioning Conditioning Exercise Balls Medicine Balls Wall Balls Slam Balls Aerobic Training Aerobic Training Aerobic Body Bars Jump Ropes Speed & Agility Sleds Plyometric Boxes Hurdles/Cones & Ladders Boxing & MMA MMA Stands & Bags MMA Accessories Sand Bags Body Weight & Gymnastics Body Weight & Gymnastics Bodyweight Training Weighted Vests Wrist & Ankle Weights Gym Rings Dip Belts Parallettes Accessories Pull Up Bars Ceiling Mounted Doorway Mounted Wall Mounted Stand Alone Ropes Climbing Ropes Battle Ropes Jump Ropes Straps, Wraps & Support Straps, Wraps & Support Belts Weightlifting Powerlifting Protection & Support Fitness Accessories Fitness Accessories Balance & Stability Stability Balls Wobble Boards Balance Pads & Cushions Resistance Elastic Bands Resistance Tubes Strength Bands Hand Grips Recovery & Wellness Shaker Bottles Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Accessories Yoga Mats Mats & Flooring Mats & Flooring Mats Workout Mats Yoga Mats Gym Flooring Foam Flooring Rubber Flooring Turf Flooring Cross Training Equipment Packages WEIGHTS BARBELLS RACKS & CAGES BENCHES FLOORING MMA Picking up? Select store Fast Shipping Submit Menu Close sidebar Picking up? Select store Fast Shipping SHOP Cardio Cardio Bikes Exercise Bikes Air Bikes Indoor Cycles Treadmills Ellipticals Rowers Weightlifting Bars & Weights Weightlifting Bars & Weights Barbells Olympic Bars (2") Standart Bars (1") Lifting Accessories Weight Plates Olympic Plates Bumper Plates Standard Plates Weight Sets Dumbbells Virgin Rubber Dumbbels PVC Dumbbells Adjustable Dumbbells Dumbbell Sets Kettlebells Cast Iron Kettlebells Competition Kettlebells Vinyl Dipped Kettlebells Storage Dumbbell Racks Plate & Bar Racks Kettlebell Racks Accessory Storage Lifting Accessories Strength Equipment Strength Equipment Benches Flat Benches Adjustable Benches Press Benches Bench Attachments Racks & Cages Squat & Power Racks Smith Machines Rig Systems Rack Attachments Cable Machines Functional Trainers Cable Attachments Core & Back Upper Body Lower Body & Legs Conditioning Conditioning Exercise Balls Medicine Balls Wall Balls Slam Balls Aerobic Training Aerobic Training Aerobic Body Bars Jump Ropes Speed & Agility Sleds Plyometric Boxes Hurdles/Cones & Ladders Boxing & MMA MMA Stands & Bags MMA Accessories Sand Bags Body Weight & Gymnastics Body Weight & Gymnastics Bodyweight Training Weighted Vests Wrist & Ankle Weights Gym Rings Dip Belts Parallettes Accessories Pull Up Bars Ceiling Mounted Doorway Mounted Wall Mounted Stand Alone Ropes Climbing Ropes Battle Ropes Jump Ropes Straps, Wraps & Support Straps, Wraps & Support Belts Weightlifting Powerlifting Protection & Support Fitness Accessories Fitness Accessories Balance & Stability Stability Balls Wobble Boards Balance Pads & Cushions Resistance Elastic Bands Resistance Tubes Strength Bands Hand Grips Recovery & Wellness Shaker Bottles Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Accessories Yoga Mats Mats & Flooring Mats & Flooring Mats Workout Mats Yoga Mats Gym Flooring Foam Flooring Rubber Flooring Turf Flooring Cross Training Equipment Packages WEIGHTS BARBELLS RACKS & CAGES BENCHES FLOORING MMA Account Email Facebook Instagram YouTube Language English English Français Country/region Canada (CAD $) Home/Collections/Dumbbells Dumbbells Virgin Rubber Dumbbells PVC Dumbbells Adjustable Dumbbells Dumbbell Sets Dumbbells Racks Dumbbell Bars & Handles Filter: Price The highest price is $1,198.99 Reset From $ To $ Availability 0 selected Reset In stock (12) Out of stock (1) Brand 0 selected Reset AmStaff Fitness (7) Bowflex (5) Product type 0 selected Reset Free Weights (12) Filter Sort by: FeaturedBest sellingAlphabetically, A-ZAlphabetically, Z-APrice, low to highPrice, high to lowDate, old to newDate, new to old Sort 12 products Filter and sort From $7.50 Premium PVC Hex Dumbbells Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability On Sale from $3.25 Virgin Rubber Hex Dumbbells Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $4.88 2.5lbs Rubber Coated Hex Dumbbell Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $389.99 $599.99 5 - 30lbs Premium PVC Dumbbell Set with 6-Pair Dumbbell Rack Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $149.99 80lbs Cast Iron Grip Standard 1 Inch Dumbbell Weight Set Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $549.99 Bowflex SelectTech 552 Dumbbells - Pair Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $1,049.99 $1,299.99 5 - 50lbs Premium PVC Dumbbell Set with Commercial 3-Tier Dumbbell Rack 40" Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $79.99 40lbs Cast Iron Grip Standard 1 Inch Dumbbell Weight Set Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $999.99 Bowflex SelectTech 1090 Dumbbells - Set Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $569.99 Bowflex SelectTech 1090 Dumbbells - Single Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $698.00 Bowflex SelectTech 552 Adjustable Dumbbells with Stand Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability $1,198.99 Bowflex SelectTech 1090 Adjustable Dumbbells with Stand Add to Cart Add to Cart Checking delivery availability Checking local availability Why Dumbbells Should Be Part of Every Workout Space Dumbbells are one of the most basic forms of workout equipment. People who are currently at all sorts of physical levels can make use of them. That’s one reason they should be included in the planning for every home workout space. Here are a few more to consider. They Come in Different Weights Everyone has to start somewhere and it’s nice to know there’s a set of dumbbells out there that are ideal for beginners. With the right accessories, they can be used to help begin working the muscles in the legs as well as the arms. The right blend of exercises will also aid in toning the shoulders and providing more definition to the upper chest. As one set of dumbbells begins to get a little too easy to use, investing in another set that’s heavier won’t be a problem. Use Them Anywhere The smaller size of dumbbells makes it easy to store them in any small space. They can be tucked under the bed or in the closet until the owner wants to use them. At work, many sizes will fit in a desk drawer and be ready for use during breaks and lunch hours. Buy a set of dumbbells today and give them a try. Master two or three routines and notice how they begin to work specific muscle groups. Even after adding more routines to the workout, the dumbbells will still be part of the warming up and the cooling down. And Use Dumbbells For All Sorts of Exercise Routines It’s hard to think of any equipment that’s more versatile than dumbbells. They help prepare you for all sorts of indoor and outdoor workouts in Canada. From boxing to swimming, those dumbbells can make a difference in your stamina and endurance. The workouts even help you keep fit enough for a marathon day of shopping. Dumbbells Won’t Wear Out Most equipment wears out. Dumbbells tend to last longer than just about anything. The Olympic design ensures they hold up well to a lot of use. With great prices and excellent shipping options, it pays to invest in a few to work with at home while you use a locator to find the right gym for more intense workouts. Taking Care of Them is Easy Caring for dumbbells is simplicity itself. Just like weight plates, they need little more than wiping down. Store them in bags if you don’t have a rack. Take them out of storage and grip them firmly to begin your routine. Those dumbbells will always be ready for use. Storing Dumbbells is Simple Too Speaking of storage, those dumbbells won’t take up much space, much less than storing bikes or benches. Take into account the space available, figure out how to sort them properly, and they will always be ready for you to grab when the mood strikes. They’re Great for Helping a Friend Get Back into Working Out Got a friend who wants to get back in shape? Start the friend off with showing him a thing or two with those dumbbells. Along with medicine balls that you can get from the store, those dumbbells will make it easy to start slow and work into something more ambitious. They do deliver when it comes to results, even if you’re using the ones made with rubber and concrete. Use Dumbbells While You Watch Television Need a quick workout while you multi-task? Dumbbells are great to use while you watch television. You get a nice cardio workout while watching your favorite show. Save the suspension workout for later and keep things like biking for reserved after the show is over. In the interim, you’re doing something good for your body even as you get a nice dose of entertainment. Is the Weather Nice? Use Them on the Patio The sun is out and the temperature’s just right. Grab those hex dumbbells and head to the patio. Enjoy a nice workout while the birds sing. The fact that you got them on sale after making a quick call to ensure they were in stock makes your workout even sweeter. You’ll be a customer once again when you get cards or emails advertising another sale on equipment you can use on the patio. Is It Winter? Use Dumbbells in the Bedroom Those dumbbells don’t hibernate during winter. Grab some mats and use them at home. They help you warm up for your MMA classes later and will fit back in a cart or other container when you’re done. Need a gift for a friend? Consider a starter set of dumbbells paired with gloves and a workout mat. They won’t go to waste. Add to Your Collection You can never have too many dumbbells. Add more in different sizes and weights. They’re made to last, so use them on your terms. Dumbbells of any category will hold up well. By rights, using different types for different exercises will help tone muscles and provide more definition. Use a Rack to Keep Them Organized Organizing your dumbbells and other fitness equipment makes sense. A rack works well for medicine balls, free weights, dumbbells, and other strength equipment. They don’t take up a lot of space, but they do ensure you can find what you want when you want it. Use a good filter to sort by price and any other feature you want. That helps you find the type of support that you need now as well as have something you can expand later. Have Enough for Two To Work Out At the Same Time Working out with someone special is a lot of fun. Have kettlebells, different dumbbells, and other basics for each person. Help each other out with different routines. You can even shop together for dumbbells and other products to add to the collection. When both of you have stressful careers, the chance to work out with the dumbbells together is a great way to put the workplace out of your mind. Remember You Can Use Dumbbells For Different Muscle Groups Dumbbells can be used to work more muscle groups than most people realize. You can pick up some types a gyms, checking out videos on different services, and getting tips from friends. Pair them with using workout bands, offer to work out with someone who wants to give them a try, and make a plan for regular workouts. From lifting to curls, you’ll have a great time. The Price is Certainly Right Dumbbells are a great way to begin when you don’t have a lot of cash. There are no trainers to pay and you can work at your own speed. Buy used dumbbells cheaply at a site, or look for sales on new ones. Either way, you’ll get great service while you develop the habit of working out again. And You’ll Never Tire of Them How can you get tired of dumbbells? You can do so much with them that you never have the chance to get bored. Change weights when you need more of a challenge by selecting a different set from your racks. The design of those dumbbells makes them easy to grip, even more so than plates. There’s always more to learn about about dumbbells, including new ways to use them. Enjoy. Remember That Quality Counts When you consider a certain brand of dumbbells and accessories, always look for quality. Iron is a good metal choice. Take a look at the grip too. Ideally, start with dumbbells that help your balance and make it easier to assume the right stand for certain types of workouts. Remember the dumbbells can be used for indoor workouts as well as outside. Enjoy the privacy of your back yard while working out, or enjoy using them inside. You’ll soon see a sign or two that the dumbbells and the other items you purchased are helping you get fit. Please use them as directed and read online descriptions before you place an order. So Does Durability Durability and dumbbells go together like chips and dip. This type of equipment ensures you have something to work out whenever you like. Not only dumbells have this quality though. You can add new equipment that makes your workouts even better. Name your goal and then buy dumbbells and other items that will help with your training. There are all sorts of weights available to meet any need. There’s Always Something New to Learn Never stop learning how to make the most of those dumbbells. When you think this is all there is, go out and learn one more new routine. Just as machines add variety to workouts, those dumbbells will do the same. There are books, videos, trainers at the gym, and all sorts of ways to discover new routines. That rack of dumbbells will never grow stale, especially if you develop a policy now to always be open to learning one more routine. Even Exercises You Can Do While on the Couch The right contact, the right tools, the right product, and the right mindset will help you find excellent ways to put those dumbbells to good use. As a fitness tool, they can’t be beaten. With a dumbell or two, you can work out at home, at the office, and on the road. Use the dumbells on the couch, the bed, or any flat surface. Join a fitness club and receive an email providing more ideas on how to use them. You’ll soon have a full menu of routines that you can do while you relax as well as when you want an more intense workout. A True Staple For Your Workouts Free bars, dumbbells, and other basic equipment are not expensive. They do form the basis for a healthy workout. You can do sets with them involving one or more routines. Vary the weight depending on the muscle group you’re trying to work. Deciding to exercise regularly will give you back more than you ever expected. Get Busy Today Why wait any longer? Get your first set of dumbbells and start working out. Make that item at the top of your list of things to do today. Set up a schedule to use the dumbbells and keep it religiously. Other things can wait while you get in top condition. As your body tones and you feel more energetic, up the weight to 100 or more. The more you use those dumbells, the better the view in the mirror will look to you. NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Sign up for our newsletter for latest news & product releases Submit Order & Deliveries Shipping Return & Refunds In Store Pick-Up Local Delivery Terms & Conditions About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Warranty & Service Customer Care Contact Us Financing Blog Gift Cards Popular Categories Rack & Cages Benches Weightlifting Gym Flooring Equipment Packages Deals Clearance Our Stores Store Locator Supported payment methods Apple Pay Diners Club Discover Google Pay Mastercard PayPal Shop Pay Visa Copyright © 2023 Fitness Avenue. Language English English Français Country/region Canada (CAD $) Subscribe and Save Subscribe to newsletter to be the first to know about exclusive offers and new product launches. Submit Close newsletter-861a9319-14b9-4361-b862-b9c2caa818e2 Cookies This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our device. Accept all cookies cookies-b7700b16-a0bc-4c1d-88a3-fa3d518da4f2 Select pickup location Toronto Warehouse Free. Usually ready in 24 hrs Curb-side pickup by appointment only (no in-store shopping) 267 Champagne Dr North York, ON M3J 2C Mon-Fri: 10:00am - 05:00pm Sun-Sat: Closed PH: 647-729-9048 Email: info@fitnessavenue.ca Get directions Closed Closing at 5pm Closing at 5pm Closing at 5pm Closing at 5pm Closing at 5pm Closed Concord Store Free. Usually ready in 24 hrs In-Store Shopping & Pickup 1300 Alness St. Concord, Ontario, L4K 2W6 Canada Tue-Sat: 10:00am - 6:00pm Sun: 11:00 am - 4:00pm Mon: Closed PH: 647-576-8266 Email: toronto@fitnessavenue.ca Get directions Closing at 4pm Closed Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Barrie Store Free. Usually ready in 24 hrs In-Store Shopping & Pickup 556 Bryne Dr. Barrie, Ontario, L4N 9P6 Canada Mon-Sat: 10:00am - 6:00pm Sun: 11:00am - 4:00pm PH: 705-970-0222 Email: barrie@fitnessavenue.ca Get directions Closing at 4pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Longueuil Store Free. Usually ready in 24 hrs In-Store Shopping & Pickup 2786 Rue de Lyon Longueuil, Quebec, J4L 3R2 Canada Mon-Sat: 10:00am - 6:00pm Sun: 11:00am - 4:00pm PH: 450-679-2223 Email: longueuil@fitnessavenue.ca Get directions Closing at 4pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm London Store Free. Usually ready in 24 hrs In-Store Shopping & Pickup 527 Wellington Rd. London, Ontario, N6C 4R3 Canada Mon-Sat: 10:00am - 6:00pm Sun: 11:00am - 4:00pm PH: 519-601-9048 Email: london@fitnessavenue.ca Get directions Closing at 4pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Closing at 6pm Set as my store Change preferred store Shopping Cart (0) Pickup Location:Select store Close sidebar Your cart is currently empty. 0 $0.00 Continue browsing Total $0.00 Taxes and shipping calculated at checkout I agree with the terms and conditions. View Cart Check Out Filter and sort Close sidebar Filter: Price The highest price is $1,198.99 Reset From $ To $ Availability 0 selected Reset In stock (12) Out of stock (1) Brand 0 selected Reset AmStaff Fitness (7) Bowflex (5) Product type 0 selected Reset Free Weights (12) Filter Sort by: FeaturedBest sellingAlphabetically, A-ZAlphabetically, Z-APrice, low to highPrice, high to lowDate, old to newDate, new to old Sort SHOP Cardio Cardio Bikes Exercise Bikes Air Bikes Indoor Cycles Treadmills Ellipticals Rowers Weightlifting Bars & Weights Weightlifting Bars & Weights Barbells Olympic Bars (2") Standart Bars (1") Lifting Accessories Weight Plates Olympic Plates Bumper Plates Standard Plates Weight Sets Dumbbells Virgin Rubber Dumbbels PVC Dumbbells Adjustable Dumbbells Dumbbell Sets Kettlebells Cast Iron Kettlebells Competition Kettlebells Vinyl Dipped Kettlebells Storage Dumbbell Racks Plate & Bar Racks Kettlebell Racks Accessory Storage Lifting Accessories Strength Equipment Strength Equipment Benches Flat Benches Adjustable Benches Press Benches Bench Attachments Racks & Cages Squat & Power Racks Smith Machines Rig Systems Rack Attachments Cable Machines Functional Trainers Cable Attachments Core & Back Upper Body Lower Body & Legs Conditioning Conditioning Exercise Balls Medicine Balls Wall Balls Slam Balls Aerobic Training Aerobic Training Aerobic Body Bars Jump Ropes Speed & Agility Sleds Plyometric Boxes Hurdles/Cones & Ladders Boxing & MMA MMA Stands & Bags MMA Accessories Sand Bags Body Weight & Gymnastics Body Weight & Gymnastics Bodyweight Training Weighted Vests Wrist & Ankle Weights Gym Rings Dip Belts Parallettes Accessories Pull Up Bars Ceiling Mounted Doorway Mounted Wall Mounted Stand Alone Ropes Climbing Ropes Battle Ropes Jump Ropes Straps, Wraps & Support Straps, Wraps & Support Belts Weightlifting Powerlifting Protection & Support Fitness Accessories Fitness Accessories Balance & Stability Stability Balls Wobble Boards Balance Pads & Cushions Resistance Elastic Bands Resistance Tubes Strength Bands Hand Grips Recovery & Wellness Shaker Bottles Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Yoga & Pilates Accessories Yoga Mats Mats & Flooring Mats & Flooring Mats Workout Mats Yoga Mats Gym Flooring Foam Flooring Rubber Flooring Turf Flooring Cross Training Equipment Packages WEIGHTS BARBELLS RACKS & CAGES BENCHES FLOORING MMA Picking up? Select store Fast Shipping Submit Account Open cart $0.00 (0) $0.00 (0) Open menu Open cart 0