Work For Orangetheory | Orangetheory Fitness Canada This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website you indicate your consent. Privacy Policy i!ii Close Modal Skip to content The Workout Locations Joining Own An OTF Free Class* Back to Navigation Close menu FAQ Franchisees Book a Class Online Overlay We Work Hard so Others Can Live More. We Work Hard so Others Can Live More.:1 of 1 Jobs That Make a Real Difference. Every position at Orangetheory comes with a real purpose and opportunity to change someone’s life. Whether you’re coaching them in class or helping them choose the right membership package, you’re giving people the tools they need to achieve More Life. image Coach Orangetheory Fitness Coaches are the center of what makes Orangetheory Fitness the best workout in the world. You will be responsible for delivering our workouts to an outstanding standard and navigating the entire class experience from start to finish to suit all fitness levels. You will constantly motivate our members to succeed and ensure the member experience is one-of-a-kind, every time. Apply Today image Head Fitness Coach Orangetheory Head Coaches are a critical part of giving our members a positive experience and motivating them to live their very best lives. You will be responsible for delivering a premium coaching experience to each member in a fast-paced, high-intensity, interval-style class, as well as managing the recruitment, development and scheduling of the coaching team for the studio. Apply Today image Studio Manager As an Orangetheory Studio Manager, you will help hundreds of members achieve their fitness goals while guiding and shaping the careers of your studio team. You will manage the daily operations of a fast-paced, premium fitness studio; hire, train and develop the staff; and build relationships with members to ensure a fantastic experience during each and every visit. Apply Today image Assistant Studio Manager As an Orangetheory Fitness Assistant Studio Manager, you will help to lead a dynamic team that positively affects the lives of our members on a daily basis. You will help manage the day-to-day operations and assist with hiring, training and developing the staff. You will also work to build relationships with members and address any concerns to ensure a fantastic experience at each and every visit. Apply Today image Sales Associate Orangetheory Sales Associates have the important role of engaging with members of the community and inspiring them to join Orangetheory Fitness. You will combine your passion for health and fitness with your ability to chat with everyone and anyone to help build the OTF membership base. You will be the face that greets our members each day and gets them excited for the awesome workout experience. Apply Today Close Apply For a Studio Position. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email Studio Select an option Select an option Select an option Select an option Airdrie, Canada Royal Oak OTF Bridgwater Halifax Parklawn, CAN Oshawa, CAN North Oakville, CAN Yonge & Eglinton, CAN Namao, CAN Sage Creek - Winnipeg, CAN Taylor, CAN Sherwood Park Manning, CAN Strathcona Bloor West Village, Toronto St John’s St. Albert, CAN Rosemere, QC Boucherville, CAN London Kensington, CAN Jasper Gates, CAN Rutherford Newmarket - Aurora, CANSelect an option Position Select an option Select an option Select an option Select an option Studio Manager Head Coach Coach Sales Associate Assistant Studio ManagerSelect an option Upload Resume (Please upload a file less than 5 MB) Upload File Comments(Optional) Submit Application You Could Be Just the Person We’re Looking For. Thank you for your interest in joining the Orangetheory Fitness team. Someone from our staff will be in touch to discuss your application. Something went wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Close Close Free Intro Class* Experience our workout for free. Please fill out the form and a member of the team will be in touch. All fields are mandatory unless indicated as optional. Find Your Location City or Postal Code When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures. First Name Last Name Phone Number Email *Certain restrictions apply. See full Promotion Terms. Congrats, You Took The First Step. We’ve received your information and will be in touch soon. You’re officially on the way to a healthier, happier, more confident you. Something Went Wrong An error occurred and your request couldn't be completed. Please try again later or contact your studio. Select Your Location Press Franchisees Jobs Articles Shop Open in new Window FAQ Back To Base Real Estate Privacy Policy Promotion Terms Terms of Use Français Open in new Window Cookie Preferences © 2011 - 2023 ORANGETHEORY FITNESS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. *The “Free Class” offer is open only to first-time visitors and local residents aged 18 years and older, however, minors aged 14 and above may participate if special conditions are met. Valid at participating studios only. Conditions apply. See studios for details. Recommended retail price of a casual visit is $35, however, prices do vary, as each studio is individually owned and operated. Offer may be subject to satisfactory completion of pre-exercise screening and/or standard temporary/guest membership terms.