Yanga Water | Fit4Less
 Memberships Starting at $7.99 Every 2 weeks*!JOIN NOW Skip to content Search for: Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Member Login Join Now Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubORView All Locations Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Skip to content Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) Member Login Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Search for: We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubView All Locations Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Yanga Water Black Card Workout Area Locations FAQ Membership Changes Shop Join Now Home Gym Memberships Yanga Water Upgrade Your Workout with YANGA Sports Water Nothing works up a thirst quite like a tough workout. That’s why Fit4Less is partnering with YANGA Sports Water to bring the ultimate thirst quencher to a gym near you. Low calorie and full of essential vitamins, YANGA is a healthy alternative to many popular sports drinks. Add YANGA to your membership to get the hydration you need with the flavour you want. Have questions? Check out our FAQs. Already a Member? Add YANGA Sports Water to your membership for only $3.99/two weeks. FIND A HOST ADD NOW* *1-Year Paid in Full members, see host in club to add Yanga. New to Fit4Less? Sign up for a membership and add YANGA Sports Water at checkout. JOIN NOW Treat Yourself to Hydration × Already a Member? Please speak to a host at a Fit4Less club in order to add YANGA Sports Water onto your existing membership. Find a Fit4Less Near Me Benefits of YANGA Sports Water Full of essential B vitamins Designed as an alternative to plain water, YANGA is fortified with essential B vitamins to aid in muscle recovery and contribute to overall health. No added sugars or colourants Don’t worry about mysterious ingredients. YANGA keeps it simple by avoiding colourants and added sugars. No single-use plastic bottles Do your part for the environment by refilling a reusable water bottle instead of buying a new plastic bottle after every workout. Full of essential B vitamins Designed as an alternative to plain water, YANGA is fortified with essential B vitamins to aid in muscle recovery and contribute to overall health. No added sugars or colourants Don’t worry about mysterious ingredients. YANGA keeps it simple by avoiding colourants and added sugars. No single-use plastic bottles Do your part for the environment by refilling a reusable water bottle instead of buying a new plastic bottle after every workout. Full of essential B vitamins Designed as an alternative to plain water, YANGA is fortified with essential B vitamins to aid in muscle recovery and contribute to overall health. No added sugars or colourants Don’t worry about mysterious ingredients. YANGA keeps it simple by avoiding colourants and added sugars. No single-use plastic bottles Do your part for the environment by refilling a reusable water bottle instead of buying a new plastic bottle after every workout. ‹› Full of essential B vitamins Designed as an alternative to plain water, YANGA is fortified with essential B vitamins to aid in muscle recovery and contribute to overall health. No added sugars or colourants Don’t worry about mysterious ingredients. YANGA keeps it simple by avoiding colourants and added sugars. No single-use plastic bottles Do your part for the environment by refilling a reusable water bottle instead of buying a new plastic bottle after every workout. Get your vitamins B1 B3 B5 B6 B8 Inositol Influences cell communication to prevent illness and helps your brain respond properly to neurotransmitters like serotonin and dopamine. Thiamine Aids in the proper growth, development and function of essential bodily tissues. What’s Your Flavour? Frequently Asked Questions Can I try YANGA Sports Water before I add it to my membership? Absolutely! Next time you’re in the club during staffed hours, ask a Host and they would be happy to provide a complementary sample. How do I add YANGA to my membership? We’re so happy you asked! Current Members: Members with reoccurring bi-weekly or monthly payments can add Yanga by clicking HERE. Alternatively, you can use the self-service kiosk located in the front entrance of the Club or ask a host at the front desk. 1-Year Paid-in-Full members may add it with a host at the front desk during staffed hours. New Members: If you haven’t yet joined Fit4Less, YANGA Sports Water can be added during your membership checkout process online. Where can I get YANGA Sports Water? We are excited to be the first to offer YANGA Sports Water in Canada! Currently, YANGA is available at select locations on Ontario. Locations include: Windsor Central, Etobicoke Kipling Queensway, Scarborough Morningside, Brampton Torbram and Queen, Mississauga Millcreek and Derry, London Huron Heights, London Proudfoot and Oxford, London Argyle Mall, London Westmount Mall, Kitchener Weber Street. How does the YANGA machine work? Once you have added YANGA to your membership, simply place your water bottle under the pour spout, scan your membership card on the YANGA Sports Water Hydration Station, select your flavour, select your intensity and your water will be dispensed! You can refill your water bottle every 15 minutes to ensure you stay hydrated throughout your workout. Can I get plain water? Absolutely! Natural, Brita filtered water is available. Simply select “Water” as your flavour type. It will always be dispensed at the perfect temperate to keep you cool and hydrated. What are the ingredients of YANGA Sports Water? For all flavours except water Water, pH modifier (citric acid), natural aromas, vitamin B1, B3, B6, B8, sweeteners (sodium cyclamate, acesulfame potassium, sodium saccharin, sucralose), perservatives (potassium sorbate). What is the nutritional information of YANGA Sports Water? Per 100ml Energy Fat Carbohydrates Protein Sodium <1 kcal 0 g 0 g 0 g 0.005 g 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% Vitamin B1 Vitamin B3 Vitamin B5 Vitamin B6 Vitamin B8 0.083 mg 1.2 mg 0.45 mg 0.105 mg 3.75 µg 7.5% 7.5% 7.5% 7.5% 7.5% Already a Member? Add YANGA Sports Water to your membership for only $3.99/two weeks. FIND A HOST ADD NOW* New to Fit4Less? Sign up for a membership and add YANGA Sports Water at checkout. JOIN NOW The Fit4Less purpose is to give every person in Canada the opportunity to live a fit and healthy good life. Fit4Less makes high quality fitness affordable and provides more people in Canada the opportunity to achieve their health and fitness goals. About Locations Careers FAQ Holiday Hours Know Your Club Privacy Policy Rules and Regs Sitemap Terms of Use Membership Changes Copyright 2023 Fit4Less. All rights reserved × Sign Into My Account Username Type a Password Remember me forgot my password Don't have an account? Sign Up × Are you sure? Lock in Your Rate now and you'll never have to worry about your rates increasing as long as you stay a member. Only $9.95+tax every 3 months. LOCK IN MY RATE Yes, I'm sure × Are you sure you don’t want YANGA Sports Water? You’ll receive a FREE water bottle! Stay hydrated with vitamin infused sports water during your workout. YANGA WATER Yes, I'm sure × Upgrade to a Black Card Access to ALL locations, unlimited hydro massage bed and massage chair use, monthly giveaways, and more! Upgrade No, thanks × Hold tight! It looks like you’ve already submitted a request. Please wait while the first request is processed. Please note: Your membership contract may take some time to process but it will be sent shortly.